Question 1 of 6
All CNIs enable the exact same networking features, and nothing more.


TRUE
FALSE

Correct

All CNIs must implement the 4 parts of the Kubernetes Network Model, but some CNIs add additional features.

Question 2 of 6
Which one of these is not a requirement of the Kubernetes Network Model?


Pods must be able to communicate with Services.

Pods must be able to communicate with other pods.
Containers within a pod need to be configured before they can communicate with one another.

Correct

In Kubernetes, containers within the same pod can automatically communicate with each other.


There must be a way for traffic from the internet to communicate with Services inside a Kubernetes Cluster.
Question 3 of 6
Which Kubernetes object is assigned IP addresses by the cluster's CNI?

nodes

Incorrect

The kubelet or cloud-controller-manager assigns IP addresses to nodes.


pods
services

Incorrect

The kubelet assigns IP addresses to services.

deployments

Incorrect

Deployments do not get an IP address; the pods created by the Deployment do.

Kubernetes network modelReplay
Review this video
Kubernetes network model
1m 57s

Question 4 of 6
Virtual machines require more CPU and memory to run than containers. Why?

A hypervisor is required on every server running a virtual machine and VMs run a guest operating system for each instance, and both use the underlying servers CPU and memory.

Correct

Unlike VMs, containers do not require a hypervisor, and they use the kernel of the underlying server instead of spinning up a guest operating system.


More virtual machines can be run on a host than containers.
There can only be one virtual machine per physical server.

Incorrect

Most servers can run more than one virtual machine.

Question 5 of 6
What limitation of Docker did Kubernetes solve?

publishing images to a container registry

Incorrect

Docker allows developers to publish images to the DockerHub and other container registries.

the ability to manage containers on multiple servers

Correct

Before Docker Swarm, Docker was only able to deploy and manage containers on one server at a time.


being able to pack as many containers onto a host server as possible
the ability to deploy more than one application per server

Incorrect

Virtual Machines let developers deploy more than one application per server.

Question 6 of 6
What technology made it possible for applications to be developed using a microservices architecture?

Docker

Correct

Microservices are run as containers, and Docker was the first widely available container tool.

nginx

Incorrect



FTP

Apache Tomcat